0	I am looking for stories about Iranian female athletes who seek asylum in other countries. Iranian female athletes refugees
2	I'm looking for articles detailing how climate change is affecting Russia whether environmentally, economically, human health or national security. How climate change affects Russia
3	I am looking for stories about the people who were brought to criminal justice in the melamine scandal in China. The melamine scandal in China
4	I am looking for reports on officials convicted of corruption in the construction of the Russian Space launch Complex at Vostochny in the Far East. Corruption during construction of Vostochny Cosmodrome
5	I am looking for reports on whether the star Betelgeuse going supernova will present a threat to the Earth. Danger of Betelgeuse going supernova
6	I am looking for information on large, sudden, and dramatic increases in butterfly populations in Europe, including the Caucasus. Dramatic surges in butterfly populations
7	I am looking for information on taking bicycles on local or long-distance trains. Bicycles on trains
8	I am looking for stories in media of China on Joe Biden's triumphs in the presidential election of the United States. Media report in China on Biden's election of the president
9	Did online learning during the COVID-19 pandemic result in an increase of depression among elementary school children? The effect of pandemic online learning on children
10	I am looking for articles about how the sanctions placed on Russia have impacted the agricultural sector. Sanctions impact Russian agriculture
11	I am looking for report on China's official attitudes toward the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accords. China's attitudes toward the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accords
12	I'm looking for articles about how Chinas economy could withstand the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic. China's economy under the Coronavirus
13	I am looking for stories about intellectual property disputes Tesla encountered in China. Intellectual property disputes Tesla encountered in China
14	"I am looking for Iranian reactions and news related to the Israeli-made series ""Tehran"". Israeli series ""Tehran"" "
16	I am looking for articles on the dramatic decrease in the number of bees and beehives. Dramatic decrease in number of bees
17	I am looking for stories about the impact of the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding on local tourism. The impact of Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding on local tourism
18	I am interested in finding information about the situation of myopia among K12 students in China. The situation of myopia rate among K12 students in China
19	I am interested in finding information about cases of formaldehyde related pollution in household products in China. Cases of formaldehyde related pollution in household products
20	I am interested in finding out if AIDS patients are discriminated against in China. Are AIDS patients discriminated against in China
21	I am looking for information on sanctions-related issues concerning the export of titanium from Russia to the U.S. Sanctions on export of titanium from Russia to U.S.
22	I am looking for information on COVID vaccinations for children in Russia. COVID vaccinations for children in Russia
23	I am looking for articles concerning the black hole in the center of the galaxy M87. Black hole in M87
24	I am looking for articles on the growth of wind energy in Russia. Wind energy in Russia
25	China attempt to capture 5G market in Russia should worry Kremlin. Russian dependance on Chinese 5G equipment
26	I am looking for articles that reflect Russia's attitude towards Ukrainian Presidential Candidate Volodymyr Zelenskiy. Ukrainian Presidential Candidate Zelenskiy
27	I am interested in finding out which species are endangered due to the water pollution in the Yangtze River and the river basin. What species are endangered in the Yangtze due to pollution
28	Looking for articles detailing evidence in order identify the 2.5 thousand year old mummy known as the Ukok Princess. Identifying the Ukok Princess
29	I am interested in finding information about the construction of sponge city projects in China. China's sponge city projects
30	I seek articles that explain how the refugee crisis could be dividing Europe. Refugee crisis divides Europe
31	I am looking for articles of Teflon use that may pose potential health risks. Use of Teflon as potential health risk
32	I'm looking for articles on treatment or method to reduce peanut allergic reaction. Peanut allergy treatment
33	How has climate change affected Iran's current weather patterns? The effects of climate change on Iran's current weather
34	I am looking for information on shamanism in Siberia. Shamanism in Siberia
35	I am looking for information on the on-going drought in the southwestern United States. Drought in southwestern U.S.
36	I am looking for articles on the size of the Siberian tiger population. Size of Siberian tiger population
37	Looking for articles on why the Arctic is warming faster than other regions of Earth. Arctic warming
38	I am interested in finding out the impact of the trade war between the US and China on China's export to the US. The impact of the trade war between the US and China on China's export to the US
39	I am looking for the connection between bitcoin mining by the Chinese and power outages in Iran. The connection between the extraction of bitcoin cryptocurrencies by the Chinese and power outages in Iran
40	I am looking for articles on the most effective ways to lose weight. Most effective weight loss methods
41	I am looking for the number of winners and victories for Iranian soccer national team over the years internationally since 2016. Iranian soccer national team victory since 2016
42	How house prices changed affected Iranians. Increase of house prices in Iran
43	I am looking for information plans for improving living conditions in the Russian Arctic. Improving living conditions in the Russian Arctic
44	I am interested in finding out how much wheat Russia produced in each year of the past decade. Russian wheat harvest over past decade
45	I am looking for articles that talk about specific animals that are endangered in China. Endangered animals in China
46	Actual launch announcement of North Korean Haiphon-12 rocket. North Korean rocket launch Haiphon-12
47	Meghan Markle accuses British royal family of racism in interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan Markle's accusations of racism in Oprah Winfrey interview
48	I am interested in finding articles about the impact of the Three Gorges Project on Yangtze River ecosystem and what relevant monitoring measures are in place. The impact of the Three Gorges Project on Yangtze River ecosystem and relevant monitoring
49	I am looking for articles that describe opposition leader Aleksey Navalny's 2018 attempt at running for president and any associated strategy. Navalny's presidential run attempt
50	I am interested in finding articles that give the number of Chinese sturgeon in Yangtze River. The number of Chinese sturgeon in Yangtze River
52	I am interested in finding information about the tourism industry in Beijing amid the Covid-19 pandemic. Tourism in Beijing under the Covid-19 pandemic
53	I am looking for articles on Tengrism in Central Asia and Mongolia. Tengrism in Central Asia and Mongolia
54	I am looking for articles on hospitals specializing exclusively in treatment of individuals infected with COVID-19. Special COVID hospitals in Russia
55	I am interested in articles that carry Xinhua News Agencys coverage on the China-India border conflict. Xinhua News Agency's report on China-India border conflict
56	I am looking for reports on extreme weather in Russia. Extreme weather in Russia
57	I am looking for information about train crashes in Iran. Train crashes in Iran
58	I am interested in finding articles about the conservation measures and practices for cultural relics of Mogao Caves. Conservation measures for cultural relics of Mogao Caves in Dunhuang
59	I am looking for foods that may cause anger issues in humans. What foods increase irritability or anger
61	I am looking for articles reporting on the Open Semantic Technologies for Intelligent Systems Conference 2018. Open Semantic Technologies for Intelligent Systems
62	Does Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei defend the gasoline price hike in Iran. Does Khamenei defend gasoline price hike
64	What did President Trump say his reasons were for ordering the assassination of IRGC Commander Qasem Soleimani? Why did Trump order the assassination of Qasem Soleimani
65	I'm looking for scientific methods to predict volcanic eruption. Predict volcanic eruption
66	I am interested in finding articles that provide information about the COVID-19 vaccination rate in China. COVID-19 vaccination rate in China
67	I'm looking for reasons why people choose to stream online virtually behind an avatar. Reasons people become virtual streamers
68	I am looking for information on either the methods or equipment that are used to detect dark matter. How dark matter is detected
70	I am interested in finding articles about the health risks of e-cigarettes. Health risks of e-cigarettes
71	I am looking for information on charity work that Bill Gates is involved in. Bill Gates' charity work
72	I'm looking for articles on whether playing games could prevent or delay the onset of dementia. Playing games could effectively prevent dementia
73	I am looking for the cause and implications of Iran Internet cutting off during the anti-government protests in November 2019. Internet cut off during the anti-government protests in November 2019 in Iran
74	I am looking for articles that cover Iranian-Azerbaijani economic and trade relations. Irani-Azerbaijani economic relations
75	I am looking for articles describing the impact of the Australian bushifres on wildlife. Impact of Australian bushfires on wildlife
76	I am interested in finding articles that have information about China's local standards in the country's standards system. China's local standards in its standard system
77	I am interested in finding articles that introduce vegetables high in calcium. Vegetables high in calcium
79	I am looking for articles that describe the likelihood of self-driving vehicles being involved in traffic accidents. Accident rates for self-driving vehicles
80	Did Boeing hide the faults of the 737 Max aircraft that caused two aircraft to crash in Indonesia and Ethiopia? Did Boeing hide the faults of the 737 Max aircraft
83	I am looking for information on the Karaites in Lithuania. Karaites in Lithuania
84	I am looking for articles that talk about aging population in Shanghai. Aging population in Shanghai
86	I am looking for articles explaining economical relationship between Iran and Turkey. Iran and Turkish economical relationship over the years
90	I am looking for articles about black tea culture and anything related to it in Iran. Effect of black tea in Iran
92	I am looking for ways of being Vegan in Iran and how it looks like. Being vegan in Iran
93	I'm looking for articles on chicken product recalls. Recall on chicken products
94	I am looking for articles which discuss diseases which are treated using gene editing. Diseases treated using gene editing
96	I am looking for articles which describe the impact that protests in Hong Kong starting in 2019 had on the tourism industry. The impact of Hong Kong protests on tourism
97	I'm looking for articles on artificial intelligence making art. Art by artificial intelligence
98	I'm looking for articles on population decline in correlation of decline in marriage rate. Population negative growth and marriage rate
99	I'm looking for information on Saturn's hexagon. Saturn's hexagon
100	I'm looking for articles on Alibaba layoffs. Alibaba layoffs
101	I'm looking for articles reporting on the USA's overnight reverse repo program by the Federal Reserve. USA's reverse repo
102	I am interested in articles that cover the impact of climate change on the living environment of polar bears. The impact of climate change on the living environment of polar bears
103	I am looking for articles on how artificial intelligence is being applied in agriculture. Applications of artificial intelligence in agriculture
104	I am looking for reports, facts, analyzes and government responses regarding honor killings and taboos of the patriarchal society in Iran. Honor killing In Iran
105	"I am looking for articles with details about the military exercise called ""Arab Shield"" in Egypt and its purpose. The so-called ""Arab Shield"" military exercise in Egypt"
106	I am looking for articles on DNA proving the connection between Native Americans and Siberian peoples. DNA proof of Native American - Siberian connections
107	I am looking for articles on  Post-Cold-War Development of Russian tanks. Tank development in Russia
108	I'm looking for tornado reports in Alabama. Tornado in Alabama
109	I am looking for articles on researching zones in the Ocean that are devoid of oxygen and life. Researching dead zones
110	I'm looking for articles on Coca Cola's operation in India. I'm interested in both positive and negative reportings. Coca Cola in India
111	I am looking for articles that reveal studies done on mycorrhizal fungi's role in agriculture. Mycorrhizal studies in agriculture
114	I'm looking for articles that discuss the formation of labor unions at Amazon. Amazon labor union
115	I'm looking for articles reporting the illegal gold mining along the Amazon River. Illegal gold mining along the Amazon River
116	I'm looking for articles that describe how transgender people are treated in Russia. Transgender Treatment in Russia
117	I'm looking for articles that discuss details about billions of dollars in cash which has been sent to Iran by the United States. Sending billions of dollars in cash to Iran by the United States
118	I'm looking for articles reporting on the arbitrary detention of foreigners and Iranian dual nationals by Iran. Arbitrary detention of foreigners and Iranian dual nationals by Iran
123	I'm looking for articles that discuss Iran's indigenous production of CovIran Barekat Covid vaccine. Iran produces Barekat vaccine
125	I am looking for articles related to the conviction of Iran to pay compensation to the survivors of 9/11. Conviction of Iran to pay compensation to the survivors of 9/11
126	I am looking for articles that describe the speech given by Greta Thunberg at United Nations climate summit on 23 September 2019. Greta Thunberg's speech at UN
128	I'm looking for articles on cat cloning. Cat cloning
129	I'm looking for articles on Buddhas of Bamiyan Buddhas of Bamiyan
130	I'm looking for reports on property damage caused by Kīlauea's volcanic eruption. Hawaii Kīlauea
131	I'm looking for reports of poachers being captured or arrested. Poacher arrests
132	I'm looking for articles describing NASA's first helicopter flight on Mars. First helicopter on Mars
133	I'm looking for articles on whale stranding. Whale stranding
134	I'm interested in articles reporting the rollout of digital Yuan, and any potential shift or impact on the US dollar. Digital Yuan and USD
135	I'm looking for articles on cactus smuggling. Cactus smuggling
136	Give me information about North Korea's launch of an ICBM over Hokkaido for the first time. North Korea launches ICBM over Hokkaido
